#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==3.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   wikipedia
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   pulsar-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
chromadb==0.3.26
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.3
    # via uvicorn
clickhouse-connect==0.6.1
    # via chromadb
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via langchain
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
duckdb==0.8.0
    # via chromadb
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.96.0
    # via chromadb
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via onnxruntime
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
graphlib-backport==1.0.3
    # via chromadb
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
hnswlib==0.7.0
    # via chromadb
httptools==0.5.0
    # via uvicorn
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via jsonschema
instructorembedding==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ipykernel==6.23.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.12.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.6.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
langchain==0.0.192
    # via -r requirements.in
langchainplus-sdk==0.0.4
    # via langchain
lz4==4.3.2
    # via clickhouse-connect
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numexpr==2.8.4
    # via langchain
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   hnswlib
    #   langchain
    #   numexpr
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
onnxruntime==1.15.0
    # via chromadb
openai==0.27.8
    # via -r requirements.in
openapi-schema-pydantic==1.2.4
    # via langchain
overrides==7.3.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   marshmallow
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
pandas==2.0.2
    # via chromadb
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via jupyter-core
posthog==3.0.1
    # via chromadb
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.23.2
    # via onnxruntime
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pulsar-client==3.2.0
    # via chromadb
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.8
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchainplus-sdk
    #   openapi-schema-pydantic
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
regex==2023.6.3
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   langchain
    #   langchainplus-sdk
    #   openai
    #   posthog
    #   tiktoken
    #   wikipedia
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.15
    # via langchain
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via onnxruntime
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchainplus-sdk
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tiktoken==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via chromadb
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   openai
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.22.0
    # via chromadb
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zstandard==0.21.0
    # via clickhouse-connect
